Docs for Password Protection and SSO Protection (#1806)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/platform/projects.mdx

## Security Settings

To edit your project’s security settings, select the **Security** menu item from your project settings page.

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/security.png`}
  width={522 / 2}
  height={424 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Selecting the <b>Security</b> menu item from the Project Settings page.</Caption>

### Logs and Source Protection

By default, the paths mentioned below can only be accessed by you and members of your Vercel team. Turning off **Logs and Source Protection** will make them publicly accessible.

- `/_src`: Displays the source code and build output.
- `/_logs`: Displays the build logs.

<Note type="warning">
  Do not edit this setting if you don’t want your source code or logs to be
  publicly accessible.
</Note>

### Password Protection

<Note>
  This feature is <em>not</em> available for personal accounts. Only{' '}
  <b>teams</b> can opt into this feature, and the team must be on the <b>Pro</b>{' '}
  or <b>Enterprise</b> plan.
</Note>

By using **Password Protection**, you can ensure that visitors of your Preview Deployments must enter a password in order to gain access.

> Teams can opt into using this feature by enabling it from the "Optional" badge item and paying <DollarSign />150 per month. Once you opt in, you can use it across other projects in the same team:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teams can opt into using this feature by enabling it from the "Optional" badge and paying <DollarSign />150 per month. Once you opt in, you can use it across other projects in the same team:
```

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/enable-password-protection.png`}
  width={790 / 2}
  height={380 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Enabling <b>Password Protection</b>.</Caption>

<Note type="warning">
  After enabling the feature, <b>one month</b> has to pass before it can be
  disabled again.
</Note>

#### Protecting Preview Deployments

To use this feature, turn on the toggle and specify the visitor password.

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/adding-visitor-password.png`}
  width={1274 / 2}
  height={440 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Turning on the toggle and specifying the visitor password.</Caption>

> After clicknig **Save**, all Preview Deployments (existing and future ones) of this project will immediately be protected with a password. If you try to access the page, you’ll be presented with this screen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking **Save**, all Preview Deployments (existing and future ones) of this project will immediately be protected with a password. If you try to access the page, you’ll be presented with this screen:
```

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/password-required.png`}
  width={677 / 2}
  height={613 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Password is required.</Caption>

> After entering the password, you’ll be redirected to the deployment. Also, a cookie will be set in the visitor’s browser, giving them access to all Preview Deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After entering the password, you’ll be redirected to the deployment. Also, a cookie will be set in the visitor’s browser, giving them access to all Preview Deployments of the project.
```

> After entering the password, you’ll be redirected to the deployment. Also, a cookie will be set in the visitor’s browser, giving them access to all Preview Deployments of the project.

Reviewer: This is speaking of "you" and "the visitor", but both are the same person.

  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Protecting Production Deployment.</Caption>

To protect Production Deployments in addition to Preview Deployments, check **“Also protect my Production Deployment"** and click **Save**.

#### Details

- If you change the password, visitors who have previously entered the password (and therefore have the cookie set) will need to re-enter the password.
- If you disable the protection, all existing deployments of the project will become unprotected.
- If you disable the protection and then enable it, visitors who have the cookie set will continue to be able to access the deployments without re-entering the password.
- You can use Password Protection in conjunction with [SSO Protection](#sso-protection).

#### Disabling the Feature

To opt out from this feature, you can do so from your team’s **Settings** → **Billing** page. Click **Edit** next to **Password Protection** and follow the instructions:

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/cancel-password-protection.png`}
  width={538 / 2}
  height={108 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Disable the Password Protection Feature.</Caption>

### SSO Protection

<Note>

>   This feature is <em>not</em> available for personal accounts. Only{' '}

Reviewer: Let's be more friendly here. There's no need to be on the Enterprise plan, but we'd gladly welcome you to it, if you want the feature.

  <b>teams</b> can opt into this feature, you and the team must{' '}
  <Link href="/contact/sales">contact our sales team</Link> to be on the{' '}
  <b>Enterprise</b> plan.
</Note>

By using **SSO Protection**, you can ensure that visitors of your Preview Deployments must log in with a Vercel account that is a member of your team to gain access.

Teams can opt into using this feature by clicking the "Optional" badge and contacting [our sales team](/contact/sales).

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/enable-sso-protection.png`}
  width={686 / 2}
  height={440 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Enabling <b>SSO Protection</b>.</Caption>

#### Protecting Preview Deployments

> Once your team is opt in, turn on the toggle to use this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your team has access to the feature, turn on the toggle to enable it.
```

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/adding-sso-protection.png`}
  width={1220 / 2}
  height={334 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Turning on the toggle.</Caption>

> After clicknig **Save**, all Preview Deployments (existing and future ones) will immediately require logging in with a Vercel account, and the account must be a member of your team. If you try to access the page, you’ll be presented with this screen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking **Save**, all Preview Deployments (existing and future ones) will immediately require logging in with a Vercel account, and the account must be a member of your team. If you try to access the page, you’ll be presented with this screen:
```

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/sso-required.png`}
  width={684 / 2}
  height={462 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Logging in with Vercel is required.</Caption>

> If you log in with a Vercel account that’s a member of your team, you’ll be redirected to the deployment. Also, a cookie will be set in the visitor’s browser, giving them access to Preview Deployments.

Reviewer: This is speaking of "you" and "the visitor", but both are the same person.

**Note**: If you’ve also enabled Password Protection, the login UI will look like this:

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/password-or-sso-required.png`}
  width={692 / 2}
  height={912 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Logging in using a password or with Vercel is required.</Caption>

#### Protecting Production Deployments

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/password-protect-production.png`}
  width={624 / 2}
  height={92 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Protecting Production Deployment.</Caption>

To protect Production Deployments in addition to Preview Deployments, check **“Also protect my Production Deployment"** and click **Save**.

#### Details

- If you disable the protection, all existing deployments of the project will become unprotected.

> - If you disable the protection and then enable it, visitors who have the cookie set will continue to be able to access the page without logging in again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you disable the protection and then enable it, visitors who previously logged into the deployment with Vercel will continue to be able to access the page without logging in again.
```

#### Details

- If you change the password, visitors who have previously entered the password (and therefore have the cookie set) will need to re-enter the password.
- If you disable the protection, all existing deployments of the project will become unprotected.
- If you disable the protection and then enable it, visitors who have the cookie set will continue to be able to access the deployments without re-entering the password.
- You can use Password Protection in conjunction with [SSO Protection](#sso-protection).

#### Disabling the Feature

To opt out from this feature, you can do so from your team’s **Settings** → **Billing** page. Click **Edit** next to **Password Protection** and follow the instructions:

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/cancel-password-protection.png`}
  width={538 / 2}
  height={108 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Disable the Password Protection Feature.</Caption>

### SSO Protection

<Note>
  This feature is <em>not</em> available for personal accounts. <b>Teams</b> can
  opt into this feature by{' '}
  <Link href="/contact/sales">contacting our sales team</Link>.
</Note>

> By using **SSO Protection**, you can ensure that visitors of your Preview Deployments must log in with a Vercel account that is a member of your team to gain access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using **SSO Protection**, you can ensure that visitors of your Preview Deployments must log in with a personal Vercel account that is a member of your team to gain access.
```

Teams can opt into using this feature by clicking the "Optional" badge and contacting [our sales team](/contact/sales).

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/enable-sso-protection.png`}
  width={686 / 2}
  height={440 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Enabling <b>SSO Protection</b>.</Caption>

#### Protecting Preview Deployments

Once your team has access to the feature, turn on the toggle to enable it.

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/adding-sso-protection.png`}
  width={1220 / 2}
  height={334 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>Turning on the toggle.</Caption>

> After clicking **Save**, all Preview Deployments (existing and future ones) will immediately require logging in with a Vercel account, and the account must be a member of your team. If you try to access the page, you’ll be presented with this screen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking **Save**, all Preview Deployments (existing and future ones) will immediately require logging in with a personal Vercel account, and the account must be a member of your team. If you try to access the page, you’ll be presented with this screen:
```

/>
<Caption>Logging in with Vercel is required.</Caption>

> If a visitor logs in with a Vercel account that’s a member of your team, the visitor will be redirected to the deployment. Also, a cookie will be set in the visitor’s browser, giving them access to Preview Deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a visitor logs in with a personal Vercel account that’s a member of your team, the visitor will be redirected to the deployment. Also, a cookie will be set in the visitor’s browser, giving them access to Preview Deployments.
```
